---------------------------------------------------------------------
All source code is licensed under the terms of the following license:
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2010,2011 Jan Christoph Ebersbach

http://www.e-jc.de/

All rights reserved.

The source code of this program is made available under the terms of the
GNU Affero General Public License version 3 (GNU AGPL V3) as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

Binary versions of this program provided by Univention to you as well as
other copyrighted, protected or trademarked materials like Logos,
graphics, fonts, specific documentations and configurations,
cryptographic keys etc. are subject to a license agreement between you
and Univention and not subject to the GNU AGPL V3.

In the case you use this program under the terms of the GNU AGPL V3, the
program is provided in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public
License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License
with the Debian GNU/Linux or Univention distribution in file
/usr/share/common-licenses/AGPL-3; if not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


--------------------------------------------------------------------
All documentation found in the directories doc and documentation are
licensed under the terms of the following license:
--------------------------------------------------------------------

doc/org.txt
Copyright (C) 2010,2011 Jan Christoph Ebersbach

doc/orgguide.txt
documentation/emacs_orgguide.org
documentation/emacs_orgguide.texi
Copyright (C) 2010 Free Software Foundation

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with the Front-Cover texts being “A GNU Manual,” and
with the Back-Cover Texts as in (a) below. A copy of the license is
included in the section entitled “GNU Free Documentation License.”

(a) The FSF’s Back-Cover Text is: “You have the freedom to copy and
modify this GNU manual. Buying copies from the FSF supports it in
developing GNU and promoting software freedom.”

This document is part of a collection distributed under the GNU Free
Documentation License. If you want to distribute this document
separately from the collection, you can do so by adding a copy of the
license to the document, as described in section 6 of the license.
